What about me and the emperor?
It doesn't matter.
Don't sell it.
I remember you, let's see.
Uncle Zuo, take a slow walk and don't send it away?
Chairperson Lin
This is my lord
But the deputy inspector of Gangnam Road
A lot of power
Yeah you offended him
We won't be able to do business in the future.
Just oops
Don't be afraid, there's nothing to be afraid of
Isn't it just a mere deputy inspector
I have a gold medal granted by the Emperor to avoid death
The gold medal can only keep you alive
Who said I only have one gold medal to avoid death?
I am in a restaurant opened in Yizhou
There is also a gold medal
It is also a gift from the Holy Spirit
President, you still have such good things
It's just a small sub-supervisory mission
How dare he smash my sign dad
I'll beat him right in front of the Emperor
Chairperson Lin, everything is wrong?
Better be careful
I know you don't have to persuade me, I have a plan
Hey, I offended Su Jianbing.
Later, he guarded me in Gangnam Road
Be careful.